Update msb3821.md (#9714)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/msbuild/errors/msb3821.md

Visual Studio also includes security restrictions that detect the mark of the web comment. You can customize these settings
in the **Tools** > **Options** section **Trust Settings**. See [Configure trust settings for files and folders](../../ide/reference/trust-settings.md).

> If all else fails and you can't fix the error directly in Visual Studio from the **Properties** tab you should close Visual Studio and go to the projects folder in File Explorer and simply open the **Properties menu** of the file that's giving you the error using the (Alt key + Enter) then you should see a checkbox with the label **Unblock** and check that box and Apply the changes then close the window. After that you should reopen your Visual Studio and head to your project and now you should not be getting the error anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't fix the error directly in Visual Studio, then close Visual Studio, go to the projects folder in File Explorer, open the **Properties menu** of the file that's giving you the error (keyboard: **Alt** + **Enter**), check the checkbox with the label **Unblock**, then click **Apply** and close the window.  When you reopen Visual Studio and open your project, try building again.

From PowerShell, you can use the command [Unblock-File](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.utility/unblock-file).
```
